
Questions :

1. Why are you using Selenium ? (What is the advantage of using Selenium)

-We are using Selenium to test our test cases. it is one of software testing tools. Also, it presents some advantages:
One of them is ablut open sources, i mean it is free framework. Also, we can use different browsers (Google, Firefox, etc.)
and plaforms (Java, Pyhton etc.).

2.What is the webelement ?

-Web element refers to a HTML element. The HTML documents are composed of HTML elements.
 It consists a start tag, an end tag and the content in between.
 For instance, a HTML element is written as: "<tagname> content </tagname>"

3.how many locaters are there in selenium?

-We have 8 locaters in Selenium. They are name, classname, id, linktext, partiallinktext, tagname, xpath, css

4 What happens when findElement method cannot locate a webElement?

- NoSuchElementException occurs when WebDriver is unable to find and locate elements.
 Usually, this happens when tester writes incorrect element bin the findElement(By, by) method.
 This exception is thrown even if the element is not loaded.


5. What is return type of findElement method?

-It  returns the first matching web element if multiple web elements are found by the locator.webElement

6.WHAT IS MAVEN? Why we use maven project ?

-Maven is a tool that can be used for building and managing any Java-based project.
It is used for projects build, dependency and documentation.
Maven does a lot of helpful task:
We can easily build a project using maven.
We can add jars and other dependencies of the project easily.
Maven provides project information (log document, dependency list, unit test reports etc.)
Maven is very helpful for a project while updating central repository of JARs and other dependencies.
With the help of Maven we can build any number of projects into output types like the JAR, WAR etc without doing any scripting.
Using maven we can easily integrate our project with source control system (such as Subversion or Git).

7. Differences of Thread.Sleep impilict wait?

-Thread. sleep method runs until given certain time. if we put 5 second to wait,
 it will wait 5 second, then code will run again and Thread. sleep() method throws exception, so we need to handle exception
 However, The Implicit Wait method doesnt wait for specific time. Even if we put 5 second or any kinda time,
 it will run without waiting specific time that we put..it just waits driver and then starts to run after driver..
 it depens on the driver's speed. it doesnt terhrow exception.

8.HOW DO WE HANDLE CHECKBOXES AND RADIO BUTTONS USING SELENIUM?

-The main difference between Radio button and Checkbox is
using radio button we will be able to select only one option from the options available.
 whereas using checkbox, we can select multiple options.
 Using Click() method in Selenium we can perform the action on the Radio button and on Checkbox.
Before performing the click even on the Radio buttons or checkboxes we will have to verify

If Radio button or Checkbox is displayed on the webpage
If Radio button or Checkbox is enabled on the webpage
Check the default selection of the Radio button or Checkbox
isDisplayed()
isEnabled()
isSelected()
We can locate the check boxes and radio buttons on a web page
using any of the locators or as per the locators usage strategy for the project


9.How do we handle dynamic web elements?

-We can use xpath or Css locators to handle it.

10. Differences Css and Xpath

-Xpath allows bidirectional flow so,  traversal can be both ways from parent to child and child to parent as well.
Css allows only one directional flow which means the traversal is from parent to child only.
Xpath is slower in terms of performance and speed. Css has better performance and speed than xpath.
Xpath allows identification with the help of visible text appearing on screen with the help of text() function.
Css does not have this feature.
There are two types of xpath – absolute and relative. But css has no such types.


Advantages of using a software framework:


Code is more secure
Duplicate and redundant code can be avoided
Helps consistent developing code with fewer bugs
Makes it easier to work on sophisticated technologies
Several code segments and functionalities are pre-built and pre-tested. This makes applications more reliable
Testing and debugging the code is a lot easier and can be done even by developers who do not own the code
The time required to develop an application is reduced significantly


Difference between a Library and a Framework:

Some may assume that a software framework is a collection of libraries just as libraries are a collection of precompiled routines.
However, this is not true as not all software frameworks use or depend on libraries.


Programming language vs Frameworks:

A programming language tells the computer what it should do. Every programming language features a syntax
and a particular set of rules, which need to be followed every time the code is written.
A software framework is built on top of a programming language. For example,
Rails, also known as Ruby on Rails, is a web framework built on top of the Ruby programming language.